README.md, before:

# Pauls Quiz Game



## UX 

### Project Goals


### User Stories

## Features 

### Existing Features



### Future Features




## Technology Used

  - [HTML5](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)


  - [CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_intro.asp)

  
  - [JavaScript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)


  - [GitPod](https://gitpod.io/)


  - [GitHub](https://github.com/)


  - [Chrome Developer Tools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/)


## Testing 


### Manual Testing




### Validator Testing 
- HTML
  - Index.html no errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2F)
  - Game.html showed 2 warnings and 1 error.
  ![w3c-validator warning/errors](assets/images/w3c-validator-error-game.html.png)
  - Willing to accept the empty heading warning as this heading will be populated as part of the getNewQuestion() Function.
  - Game.html showing 1 error. As pointed out above, willing to accept this error. [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2Fgame.html)
  - End.html showing 1 error. Willing to accept this error as the blank space is populated by the end.js file. [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2Fend.html)
  - Highscores.html no errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2Fhighscores.html)

- CSS
  - Style.css no errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-3.0%2Findex.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)
  - Highscores.css no errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-3.0%2Fhighscores.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)
  - 1 Error found in game.css
  - ![Game.css Jigsaw validator error](assets/images/game.css-validator-error.png)
  - Game.css error has been fixed and no errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator]()

- JavaScript
  - Accepting these warnings. No erors shown.
    ![Script.js warnings](assets/images/script.js-warnings.png)
  - Accepting these warnings. No errors shown.
    ![High-scores.js warnings](assets/images/high-scores.js-jshint.png)
  - Accepting these warnings. One unused variable sets the max number of highscores to five. One undefined variable adds the score to the an array, sorts the array and splices out the lowest and keeps the array at a length of five. No errors shown.
    ![End.js shint warnings](assets/images/end.js-jshint-warnings.png)


### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - In settings click the Pages link in the left side bar
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. 

The live link can be found here - https://pauldwyer.github.io/quiz-game-pp2/

## Credits 

[w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp)

[Flexbox Frogy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/) This game thought me how to use flex box.

### Content 


### Media

Commit message:

fixed wording in readme for validator testing

README.md, after:

# Pauls Quiz Game



## UX 

### Project Goals


### User Stories

## Features 

### Existing Features



### Future Features




## Technology Used

  - [HTML5](https://www.w3schools.com/html/)


  - [CSS](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_intro.asp)

  
  - [JavaScript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/)


  - [GitPod](https://gitpod.io/)


  - [GitHub](https://github.com/)


  - [Chrome Developer Tools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/)


## Testing 


### Manual Testing




### Validator Testing 
- HTML
  - Index.html no errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2F)
  - Game.html showed 2 warnings and 1 error.![w3c-validator warning/errors](assets/images/w3c-validator-error-game.html.png)
   Willing to accept the empty heading warning as this heading will be populated as part of the getNewQuestion() Function. I fixed the error by removing obsolete id's.
   Game.html now showing 1 warning. As pointed out above, willing to accept this warning. [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2Fgame.html)
  - End.html showing 1 error. Willing to accept this error as the blank space is populated by the end.js file. [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2Fend.html)
  - Highscores.html no errors were returned when passing through the official [W3C validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-pp2%2Fhighscores.html)

- CSS
  - Style.css no errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-3.0%2Findex.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)
  - Highscores.css no errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpauldwyer.github.io%2Fquiz-game-3.0%2Fhighscores.html&profile=css3svg&usermedium=all&warning=1&vextwarning=&lang=en)
  - 1 Error found in game.css
  - ![Game.css Jigsaw validator error](assets/images/game.css-validator-error.png)
  - Game.css error has been fixed and no errors were found when passing through the official [(Jigsaw) validator]()

- JavaScript
  - Accepting these warnings. No erors shown.
    ![Script.js warnings](assets/images/script.js-warnings.png)
  - Accepting these warnings. No errors shown.
    ![High-scores.js warnings](assets/images/high-scores.js-jshint.png)
  - Accepting these warnings. One unused variable sets the max number of highscores to five. One undefined variable adds the score to the an array, sorts the array and splices out the lowest and keeps the array at a length of five. No errors shown.
    ![End.js shint warnings](assets/images/end.js-jshint-warnings.png)


### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployment

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - In settings click the Pages link in the left side bar
  - From the source section drop-down menu, select the Master Branch
  - Once the master branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment. 

The live link can be found here - https://pauldwyer.github.io/quiz-game-pp2/

## Credits 

[w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp)

[Flexbox Frogy](https://flexboxfroggy.com/) This game thought me how to use flex box.

### Content 


### Media
